Docs add task call from another task example (#6501)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/concepts/tasks.md

Tasks also take advantage of automatic Prefect [logging](/concepts/logs) to capture details about task runs such as runtime, tags, and final state. 

> You can define your tasks within the same file as your flow definition, or you can define tasks within modules and import them for use in your flow definitions. All tasks must be called from within a flow or another task. 

Reviewer: Should probably restore this old line
```suggestion
You can define your tasks within the same file as your flow definition, or you can define tasks within modules and import them for use in your flow definitions. All tasks must be called from within a flow. Tasks may not be called from other tasks.
```

    To be clear, there's nothing stopping you from putting all of your code in a single task &mdash; Prefect will happily run it! However, if any line of code fails, the entire task will fail and must be retried from the beginning. This can be avoided by splitting the code into multiple dependent tasks.

> **Calling a task from another task**

Reviewer 2: I like the idea of showing how to call a task's function, but the wording of calling a task from another task could be a little misleading since in the end you only run `my_second_task` which calls `my_first_task`'s function but it doesn't trigger its task run -- this could get confusing in the UI 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/86264395/185796124-e08a342b-fb3f-42c9-9432-fcf2d90baafc.png)

I think we could keep it but phrase it as "Calling a task's function from another task" and add a note sth like:

Note that this way you are only calling the task's function without actually generating a task run. It has a negative effect on your observability - Prefect won't track task execution in your Prefect backend if you call it this way.

> **Calling a task from another task**

Author: ```suggestion
**Calling a task's function from another task**
```

> A task can be called from another task by use of the `.fn()` method. Pass any arguments to `fn`. 

Reviewer: This isn't actually the `fn` method, you're accessing the `fn` attribute which happens to be your function. Perhaps...

```suggestion
Prefect does not allow execution of tasks within other tasks. If you would like to call your task's function directly, you can access it at `task.fn`. You may then call it without any Prefect orchestration or observation.
```

>     Prefect does not allow execution of tasks within other tasks. If you would like to call your task's function directly, you can access it at `task.fn`. You may then call it without any Prefect orchestration or observation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Prefect does not allow triggering task runs from other tasks. If you want to call your task's function directly, you can use `task.fn()`. Note that this way you are only calling the task's function and you lose orchestration and observability provided by Prefect.
```

```python hl_lines="9"
from prefect import flow, task

@task
def my_first_task(msg):
    print(f"Hello, {msg}")

@task
def my_second_task(msg):
    my_first_task.fn(msg)

@flow
def my_flow():
    my_second_task("Trillian")

```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
Note that in the example above you are only calling the task's function without actually generating a task run. This pattern has a negative effect on your observability. Prefect won't track task execution in your Prefect backend if you call the task function this way.
```

> Note that in the example above you are only calling the task's function without actually generating a task run. This pattern has a negative effect on your observability. Prefect won't track task execution in your Prefect backend if you call the task function this way.

Reviewer: There also won't be any orchestration behavior like retries.

Author: Good point.

> Note that in the example above you are only calling the task's function without actually generating a task run. This pattern has a negative effect on your observability. Prefect won't track task execution in your Prefect backend if you call the task function this way.

Author: ``
```suggestion
Note that in the example above you are only calling the task's function without actually generating a task run. This pattern has a negative effect on observability and orchestration. Prefect won't track this call's task execution in your Prefect backend. And will you be able to add orchestration benefits such as retries.
```
